# KPBR (KaPyBaRa)

I love problems. Not the kind of problems you're probably thinking about.
Rather, I love thinking problems. Be they math, logic, coding. Doesn't matter.
If it requires thinking, I'm probably going to like it.

As much as I love solving problems, I enjoy creating problems. This repository
contains my personal problems. Mainly coding challenges, but I'll probably
include some math ones as well.

I described this as "the interview problems I wish I would get", so let's 
clarify what I mean by that. Personally, I don't mind algorithm-style problems
you see on Leetcode. I've done quite a lot of Leetcode, Advent-of-Code or
similar because I enjoy solving those problems. Even in an interview
environment, I see their purpose. I don't share the common public opinion that
these problems are meaningless for an interview, that they don't reflect the
reality or you'll never run into them at your job and so on. I think they're 
reasonable to evaluate candidates. The best? Probably not, but probably much
better than people tend to think. Certainly much better than "what does this for
loop in JavaScript print?" kind of garbage.

However, I feel like many people tend to be put off by these problems is because
they're too abstract. They don't really offer something concrete and tangible 
that someone could relate too. And in a stressful environment, it doesn't help
at all, making the problem only more difficult to solve.

Another disadvantage is that it's hard for someone when solving this kind of 
problems to showcase their working experience. You're never really going to feel
the incentive to start talking about something similar you worked on when doing
a pure algorithms challenge.

It certainly is a bit provoking to say that problems can be too abstract in an
industry where abstracting is a big part of what we do. But I feel like often
times, abstracting has a different flavour in our day-to-day work. Sure, we
define a class to abstract away behavior. But we're having something concrete
in mind. We're trying to achieve a concrete purpose. A typical Jira ticket is
different from, say, a design problem where multiple engineers collaborate
together. It's much more "tangible" because it's a practical task. With my
problems, I'm attempting to bring these properties. At the core, it's very much
the same idea: to test your analytical thinking. But, I hope that changing the
coat will make them much more comfortable to tackle.

![capybara](/assets/Capybara-High-Definition-3762445518.jpg)